Oh
first of all isn't this tours great
being insane I think we've been so
blessed and the katella was no different
you know it was something new for
everybody all the bodyboarders was so
excited about it you know we knew we're
gonna have something big we knew we're
gonna have something heavy and you know
we got it you know on the last day as
the Katella for Escondido was insane you
know we couldn't ask for more
it was a bit too much but was perfect
conditions was it's just insane the
level of the writing was amazing and my
heat I got the first heat of the day and
a big day and there was kind of sketchy
you know the whole procedure the jet ski
and all that you know try to choose the
right wave I knew they were the waves
are there fortunately I just picked the
wrong ones you know I try to pick the
the first one of the set I thought was
it would be better but Hardy got the
ones behind and I guess his waves were
better and with that he got the highest
scores but was it an amazing event none
of the less and you know I think you
know Jeff Harbor was was a freak again
you know the level is being pushing very
very high now going back to Reunion
Island you know I can't wait to go back
to Reunion Island I love that place is
it's pretty perfect conditions you know
we got heavy waves perfect waves the
whole atmosphere of the place is just
amazing you know I love Rena Island I
love so much there are all the three
events I compete there I won all three
and that's how much I love Briana Island
and I can't wait to go back but I would
say I'm not the favorite the favorite of
the locals morir Laverne is the favorite
I think the literature Jeff Hubbard but
I'm you know I feel good about that
place and I'm gonna do my best again I
love that
you